[Music]
we have always looked to the stars to
discover who we are
and hidden there was a message
the secret made of space in time visible
only to those open enough to receive it
Captain Christopher Pike request
permission to come aboard well commander
this is awkward but the best way to get
into a Cold Stream to jump right in
I'm here to stay commander the discovery
under regulation 19 Section C your
directive is only instituted when an
evident threat is detected the
Federation sensors picked up seven red
bursts
spread out across more than 30,000
light-years these mysterious signals are
beyond anything we understand is it a
greeting the declaration of malice let's
find out
aye sir
[Music]
six seconds to impact I am in total free
fall trust us
Scoville rehabs you right ladies yeah
absolutely dear
we have someone in common my foster
brother
mr. Spock he took leave this has their
feet and run into a question again
answer
Spock is linked to these signals and he
needs help
and on a collision course with a pulsar
literally thought we were all gonna die
wherever our mission takes us
I'm trying to have a little fun along
the way
[Music]
ruffle a few feathers I look forward to
it
headed
[Music]
[Applause]
excuse me excuse me excuse me excuse me
- you're okay you look yes I hear it's
going around
you